@linebyline
@@@
# System Updates


dev~~## Version 8.2018.2.9b  
dev~~New: Now includes three template themes based on design mode. These template sites do not have their own theme folder inside them, instead, the theme should be set to global_design_mode_theme when/if your import these themes.   
dev~~New: The self-signup example website is now setup to offer the three new template themes as theme choices. Make sure you leave the theme-adventure,theme-coffee and theme-school folders in place in the 'sites' folder for this to work.  

dev~~## Version 8.2018.2.9  
dev~~Fixed: Issue with thumbnails in self-signup template site.  
dev~~New: Added 'act as' button to let self signup system admin account view the 'my sites' page as one of the users.   
dev~~New: Added a disable billing option to allow the self-signup system to run without any automatic billing. Sites will not revert to free mode after each month when this $disablebilling is set to true. This is for situations where you bill your clients manually or with different amounts. Use the tools in the Hub to disable sites as required. 

## Version 8.2018.2.8

New: Caption property added to data tables. Is inserted as <caption> element in the HTML.

products~~## Version 8.2018.2.7b

products~~New: Product SKU codes can now be stored with products. 

mailing_lists~~## Version 8.2018.2.7

mailing_lists~~New: When a user clicks the unsubscribe link, they see a form where they can select which of the 'visible on signup form' categories they want to be part of. 

dev~~## Version 8.2018.2.6

dev~~Improved: Hub speed improvements


blog~~## Version 8.2018.1.30

blog~~Fixed: Issue with editing blog articles.
products~~Fixed: Checkout bugs.

products~~## Version 8.2018.1.29

products~~New: Per product shipping rates.  [Learn more](#adding-per-product-shipping-costs)  
products~~New: Option to show/hide sales tax from mini basket  
products~~New: Option to show/hide the '+ Sales tax' text with net prices.   
dev~~New: Design Mode always shows up for users logged in via the Hub. 

## Version 8.2018.1.19

New: Autocomplete when adding tags to blog articles based on tags added to other articles. 

dev~~## Version 8.2018.1.15

dev~~New: Backup scripts for versioned site-by-site database backup. [Learn more](#configuring-your-server-to-backup-data)

## Version 8.2018.1.10

Improved: Performance of image loading in Help

## Version 8.2018.1.5

Fixed: Issue with titles on links after re-opening a page. 
dev~~Fixed: Bug when importing from an existing some site in some situations. ('Specified key was too long')
dev~~Improved: Design mode/theme vars image options now show a preview of the uploaded image. 

dev~~## Version 8.2018.1.3b

dev~~New: Option to exclude pages from search engines. Add this to your main.tpl template to enable the feature in a theme (Design mode theme supports it natively)
dev~~```
dev~~{if $content.noindex}
dev~~<meta name="robots" content="noindex">
dev~~{/if}
dev~~```

## Version 8.2018.1.2

Improved: Knowledge base

dev~~## Version 8.2018.1.2

dev~~New: Smarty modifier available: images_from_content use this modifier as follows to return an array of image strings from images contained in the HTML variable supplied as the first argument.  
dev~~```
dev~~{assign var=images value=$content|images_from_content:true:$siteurl}
dev~~```


products~~## Version 8.2017.12.9

products~~Improved: Allow multiple emails to be added in order notification email. 

blog~~## Version 8.2017.12.7

blog~~Fixed: Issue where the Facebook pinned tag setting would empty itself. 
Improved: Design changes to knowledge base. 

products~~## Version 8.2017.12.1

products~~Fixed: Bug where renaming a product would appear to change the names of the 'choices' for that product (actual option names weren't changed). 

## Version 8.2017.11.30.3

Improved: Added support for Greek pagenames

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.30.2

dev~~Fixed: Support login link on mobiles now visible

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.30.1

products~~New: Allow individual products to be made exempt from sales tax

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.30

products~~Fixed: Issue with saving additional payment gateway credentials. 

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.24

dev~~New: Sales tax settings exposed to shoppingbasket.tpl

blog~~## Version 8.2017.11.23

New: 'Pinned' feature for blog articles (requires template support, 'design mode' includes support). Wherever pinned articles are included in a set of articles (i.e main index, category, tag or date filters) the pinned articles will be omitted from the main results and exposed as a separate loop. 
blog~~New: Option for Facebook import to 'pin' articles with a certain tag. 

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.22

dev~~New: "Test live domains and set Live checkboxes for live sites" option in the Hub to automatically set live sites 'live' checkbox when the site is found to be live (useful to setting the live checkbox on old servers)  
dev~~Improved: Checkout template now gets a net_totals variable to show the total basket without the sales tax component.

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.21

dev~~New: Cron script to check if live domains are resolving via DNS. (/sh/notify-facebook-posts.php  - recommended run once daily)

## Version 8.2017.11.20

Adding new images now replaces dashes and underscores with spaces. 
Improved: Display when dragging images.
dev~~Improved: Self signup sample website is now build using Design Mode

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.16

dev~~Improved: Multiple (up to three) gateways can now be configured in design mode themes. PayPal and Authorize.net support are available. 

## Version 8.2017.11.15

Fixed: Issue with shortcodes for links with titles in Sitewide Content. 
blog~~Fixed: Issue with shortcodes for links with titles in Blog posts. 

forms~~## Version 8.2017.11.6

forms~~Fixed: Issue with dollar symbols in contact forms. 

## Version 8.2017.11.2

dev~~New: Authorize.net Function available as Smarty plugin (PHP 5.6 Required if this plugin is used)
dev~~New: Option to add multiple payment gateways to a theme. See settings/gateways.json in the design mode theme for an example. 
bookings~~Fixed: Bug with attendee data being duplicated. 
blog~~Fixed: Crash when Facebook authorization revoked from Facebook account.
Fixed: Bug when viewing images filtered by category and then adding/changing selected categories, resulting in duplicate images in galleries.

## Version 8.2017.10.27

dev~~New: Connect to Facebook feature. Allows site owners to connect to their Facebook accounts and have their feed imported to the website blog.

products~~## Version 8.2017.10.22

products~~Improved: Compatibility when downloading digital products. 
products~~Fixed: If an alternative address is added from a custom checkout implementation, it is now labelled 'shipping address' in the admin and normal PayPal supplied address is referred to as the billing address.

products~~## Version 8.2017.10.20

products~~Fixed: issue where basket wouldn’t show all attendee data when bookings products where added.  
bookings~~Improved: Pages with booking products on now store entered information and pre-load when returned to the page (i.e if the user goes back from the checkout page). The user is given the option to reset. 

products~~## Version 8.2017.10.18

products~~Fixed: Bugs in front-end admin checkout system.  
bookings~~Improved: Custom name definitions in booking products now export to CSV and show in Bookings back end

products~~## Version 8.2017.10.17

bookings~Improved: Booking products ‘add manual booking’ option removed for consistency (only on sites where the front-end manual order mode is supported).  
bookings~Improved: Add ability to define the names of ‘adults’, ‘children’ and ‘concessions’ per booking product.  
forms~~Fixed: Layout bugs with 4x 25% form columns.  
products~~Improved: Order of fields in admin front-end checkout form.  
bookings~~Fixed: CSV export issue where children were swapped to concessions in booking CSV export.  
products~~New: Added ‘archive’ mode to Orders view. Three modes now behave as follows:  
products~~Delete: Deletes the order everywhere including associated bookings. No email is sent to the customer. CSV export will not show deleted orders.  
products~~Archive: Hides the order from the main orders list. Associated booking data and CSV export data will remain visible.   
products~~Dispatch: The same as Archive but the order dispatched email will be sent to the customer.  
  
## Version 8.2017.10.13  

dev~~New: Logged in admin users can now place a customer order from front-end checkout. (Requires support in theme, design mode is supported).  
products~~New: Stock alerts system. Admin users can enable an option to receive low stock alerts for products my ‘Your account’. Products need to be configured to trigger alerts, along with a threshold, in Storage > Products. Only products that have the option enabled will trigger alerts. Admins will receive one alert when a product stock level is taken from above the threshold to below it. It will re-trigger every time the level goes from above to below the threshold.  
bookings~~Fixed: Bookings layout bug

dev~~## Version 8.2017.10.12

dev~~Fixed: Image sizes, layout templates, widget templates and advanced text and image styles now all work with localisation file. Use Custom_ at the beginning of the key in the languages json file. For example Custom_Banner_Bottom  
dev~~Fixed: Bug with contact form based products.

## Version 8.2017.10.11

Improved: Images and text links can have title attributes. Text links title attribute populated like this: `[test link](link)[title here]` - image links take title from description.  
Improved: Headings now show their HTML labels to help anyone editing content with an SEO or accessibility perspective.

## Version 8.2017.10.6

Fixed: Scrolling/jumping quirks in editor - particularly in Chrome

bookings~~## Version 8.2017.10.5

bookings~~Fixed: Various fixes to booking products

## Version 8.2017.9.21b

New: options in Website Settings > General for clearing caches and rebuilding search index  
galleries~~Improved: Search now index content from Snippets as well as captions in galleries.  
Fixed: Bug when adding files with + symbols in file name.  
calendars~~Improved: Calendar ICS download now includes correct time and duration.

bookings~~## Version 8.2017.9.18 

bookings~~New: Booking products can now connect to a contact form to collect a set of information for each attending individual. This is then visible and exportable to CSV using the daily view in the Bookings area in the CMS.

## 8.2017.8.31:

Fixed: Issue where closing a tab while a draft autosave event was firing or a poor internet connection could result in data loss from current draft.  
Improved: Browser will prompt to stay on page if navigated away while a draft is autosaving.

## 8.2017.8.29c:

Fixed: Issue with downloading large files  
forms~~New: Added {FORM_RESPONSE} tag to order received templates to show checkout contact form data to customer.


## 8.2017.8.25:

dev~~Improved: Theme vars can now be excluded based on enabled features. Add “require”: “PRODUCTS” to only show an option when products is enabled in that site. Add to a “title” option to exclude the whole section. Strings are: PRODUCTS, BOOKING_PRODUCTS, VIDEOS, FORMS, CALENDARS, SNIPPETS, EMBED_CODES, LIVECHAT, MAILING_LIST, BLOG

dev~~## 8.2017.8.10:

dev~~New: api/search

products~~## 8.2017.8.8:

products~~Improved: Numeric order id is now added to ‘new order’ emails.

dev~~## 8.2017.8.7b:

dev~~New: Page compression now enabled for css/js assets.  
dev~~New: New system to ‘inline’ all javascript and css on initial page load, then swap back to file based for subsequent page loads. Faster page loading for initial loads whilst still leveraging browser caching for subsequent pageviews. Support for this can be enabled in any theme. See the Design Mode theme for sample code.  

## 8.2017.8.3c:

dev~~New: Self signup sample website now includes provision for domain registrar integration.  
forms~~New: When adding a new form input option, line breaks in the pasted value will convert to new options.  

dev~~## 8.2017.8.1b:

dev~~Fixed: after-update.php script fixes.

products~~## 8.2017.8.1:

products~~Improved: Donation products now limited to one in basket.  
dev~~New: Accessibility Mode. Define a custom domain to use in the Hub for a fully accessible version of the site.

bookings~~## 8.2017.7.26:

bookings~~Improved: Shift+Click now selects end-to-end when manually adding a new booking.  

dev~~## 8.2017.7.13:

dev~~Fixed: Bug with serving CSS files in theme_merge directory.  
dev~~Fixed: Bug with serving JS files in theme_merge directory.  
dev~~Fixed: Bug with serving graphics from the theme_merge directory.  

products~~## 8.2017.7.10:

products~~New: Custom currencies can now be added to the choices by adding a new file in settings/additional_currencies.json using a format like this:  
products~~```
products~~[  
products~~	{
products~~		"code":"VND", 
products~~		"full":"VND (Vietnamese Dong)"
products~~		,"symbol_html_entity":"&#x20AB;"
products~~	}
products~~]
products~~```

forms~~## 8.2017.7.7:

forms~~Improved: call change event on datepicker form fields when it updates the value.

## 8.2017.7.5:

products~~Fixed: Prevented decimal quantity values.  
Improved: Sidebar pages now honour the ‘hide from menus’ checkbox.


products~~## 8.2017.6.23:

products~~Fixed: Checkout issue with HTML text showing after going through to PayPal

forms~~## 8.2017.6.13:

forms~~New: Support for ‘width’ for form fields. 25/50/75/100 in addition to ‘new row’ and ‘horizontal rule’ field types. 
dev~~New: Support for ‘width’ for form fields. (Automatically enabled when used with themes that support it)

## 8.2017.5.24:

products~~Fixed: issue with mini basket.  
forms~~Improved: Contact form emails now use customer name is ‘from name’ like: ‘Steve Jobs (Sent via example.com)’ to allow mail clients to group them logically.  
forms~~Improved: Contact form emails now use customer email address in ‘reply to’ field so emails can be replied to directly. Actual from email remains as no-reply@ to ensure deliverability).   
products~~Fixed: Sales tax calculation bug

products~~## 8.2017.4.28:

products~~Fixed issue with large donation amounts. 

products~~## 8.2017.4.27

products~~Improved: Added date to invoice template

products~~## 8.2017.4.7c:

products~~Added ‘Invoice’ widget. When added to a page a ‘view invoice’ link will appear in the Orders view. This can then be printed or viewed. The customer will also get a link to this invoice page with their order received email. 

blog~~## 8.2017.4.7:

blog~~Fixed: Fix blog snippet issue with widgets with zones. 

## 8.2017.4.5:

dev~~Fixed: Force Hub to use new css from 8.2017.4.4. 
Fixed: Share links behaviour

## 8.2017.4.4:

Fixed: Bug with clicking button in popdown dialogue areas in Chrome/Windows.   
dev~~New: Added export options to the hub including the admin user email addresses for either master users or all admin users.   
products~~New: Sales tax options. 

## 8.2017.3.27:

newsletter~New: Added ability to add sender details to newsletter form from contact form submissions.   
dev~~New: Special theme variable allowed with variable name of ’default_template_section’ that can be used to show a template section first even if it’s not first in the template sections json file. 

## 8.2017.3.6

Fixed: Bug where Editor area would jump when removing or adding elements.  
Fixed: Bug where Editor area would jump to bottom when adding a widget.   
Improved: Copy and pasting content is now specific to logged in user account. 

## 8.2017.2.28b

Fixed: Files search bug

dev~~## 8.2017.2.28
dev~~New: Hub now includes ability to select an existing site to use as content source.   
dev~~New: Hub now includes ability to choose theme for new sites.

dev~~## 8.2017.2.24c:

dev~~Fixed: Theme variables now populate in contact form auto responders and newsletter autoresponders.  
dev~~Fixed: Theme variables now populate in newsletter templates.

## 8.2017.2.13b:

livechat~~Fixed: Livechat performance issue.   
forms~~New: Contact forms can now be set to redirect to a page on submit. 

forms~~## 8.2017.2.9:

forms~~New: Added page redirect option on form submission. 

blog~~## 8.2017.2.3:

blog~~Improved: pre-cache page speed on sites with large blogs. 

## 8.2017.1.16: 

forms~~Improved: Contact form shows website at bottom.   
Improved: Using ESC no long triggers operating system level operations like exiting full screen mode on mac

dev~~## 8.2017.1.13:

dev~~New: Sitewide content and template sections can be given custom names from theme_vars variables. 

## 8.2017.1.10:

Fixed: Bug when tables are added to some content areas. 

