# SetSeed: Fully-featured white-label CMS platform for resellers

## Quick Answers

<span class="highlight">**What is SetSeed?**  
SetSeed is a white-label self-hosted CMS website platform for resellers. It lets you power all your client websites from a single installation on your server, create an automated-self signup website builder with the API and included template self-signup website and create your own themes using 'design mode', a powerful browser-based design tool.</span>

**Are there plugins?**  
No way. We built SetSeed out of frustration with the current status-quo of deploying a CMS then adding countless plugins to get a website that meets basic requirements. SetSeed is a fully featured platform out of the box.

**What else can it do?**  
You can use SetSeed to create your own self-signup website builder by creating themes and deploying the included self-signup site (or creating your own).

**What about support?**  
SetSeed is a commercial product by a small passionate team. This means the support you get with SetSeed is like nothing else. Large products with outsourced support staff are a nightmare to work with. We recognise that you really want a direct line to the people designing and building the product. That's what you get with SetSeed. 

<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/gonOV-fHfwc' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

##About the team

SetSeed is brought to you from two passionate individuals from opposite sides of the planet. Chris in NZ and Ben in the UK. Their shared vision is to build software that is powerful, fast and will outlast them. They have immense respect for the open source community, but SetSeed is an old-fashioned commercial product. This is the only way they can see to offer the level of support that resellers need. Too many corporate giants swallow up products only to shut them down - the goal with SetSeed is to create ongoing collaborative relationships with our resellers where the support is very much part of the product.

## About the knowledge base

As you browse the pages on this knowledge base you will see each page has a badge showing if the content is an end user (i.e your clients) level feature, or a developer level feature. When you deploy this on your server, your clients will only see the client-level pages in their version of the knowledge base. Some pages will have a 'Design Mode' badge. These pages show features only available when using the 'Design Mode' theme framework.


