@require bookings
@@@

# Booking Products Overview

The Booking Products system combines logic and simplicity to accommodate a huge range of use-cases relating to hiring out items or places based on day-based availability.

There are three main types of booking products available to use in the system. The features of each are detailed below. All three types also allow you to place bookings into the system manually. This allows you to take a booking over the phone for example, and still ensure your availability levels are up to date.

## Product

The 'Product' type of Booking Product is ideal for when you have a quantity of physical items and you want to rent them out day-by-day. It could be tool hire, car hire or other kinds of equipement or vehicle hire. With this kind of product, we deal in quantities of the product that you have available; we're not interested in how many people are booking the equipement.

### What your customers see

Your customers will be able to browse the range of items you have available, choose the days they want to hire the items for and then checkout to make their booking. They will receive an email immediately after they place the booking and then you can decide if/when to send a second email to the customer before or after their rental period. These emails are all customisable and can include any custom information as well as things like the list of items ordered or a link to view an invoice.

### What you'll be able to do

You can set up a bookings product, enter the quantity of the item you have available, and then set up the availability for them. You can create one or more rates to charge different amounts based on the available day or days. You can also create 'bookable blocks' to force users to hire out whole weeks, weekends or other blocks of days.

As your customers book out your items, you'll be able to see a year-planner with all your booking information on at once. You can immediately see when your items are fully booked, partially booked or all fully available and can click on any day to see who is collecting, currently has or is returning items. This data can be exported to CSV or printed out.

## Individuals

The 'Individuals' product type is ideal for when you want to sell tickets to an event that simply has a single capacity per night. For example, a theatre or other premises/venu with a fixed number of seats or capacity. You can also use this for things like evening classes where you can accommodate a certain number in your class and would like to take bookings for it. 

You can accommodate events with multiple slots per day simply be adding a new product for each time of day.

### What your customers see

Your website visitors will be able to browse a list of dates to see the days that you are taking bookings for. They'll be able to choose the day or days they want to book, enter the number of people in their booking, including numbers of children or concessions (adults, children and concessions can be renamed according to the use-case). If there are enough spaces left for their booking, they can pay in full to complete the booking process.  

They'll get an email based on a template you populate as soon as they place their order. They'll optionally get a second email if you trigger it to be sent. This could be used as a reminder of 'what to bring' that you send before the booking or simply once you have confirmed their booking.

### What you'll be able to do

You'll be able to setup your booking product by entering the overall capacity and setting up one or more rates. So the rate per person per night can change according to different days in the year. Different rates can be applied to days one by one so it's easy to do things like just have a different rate at weekends. You'll also be able to define 'bookable blocks' to make sure people book certain groups of days. For example, if they book a Saturday you can force them to book Sunday as well. 

You'll be able to setup rates for three different kinds of people. By default these are Adults, Children and Concessions but you can rename them to make the distinctions more meaningful to your audience. You can also optionally require at least one adult to be included per booking. 

You'll be able to combine the product with a contact form to request specific data for each person in the booking. If someone adds 3 people to the booking they'll have to fill out the form three times. This way you can collect names, dietary requirements or other information for everyone attending even if multiple people are booked in the same booking.

Once you have taken bookings, you'll be able to browse days in a calendar for individual products or all at once. You can immediately see when your days are fully booked, partially booked or all fully available. Clicking a day will show you the list of all bookings and the people in the booking as well as any personal information requested. You can export this data as CSV.

## Groups

Groups are a very powerful kind of booking product that make it extremely easy to take bookings for certain kinds of events or activities based around the idea of taking bookings for groups of people. This could be used for things like camp sites for example, where you as the vendor has a certain number of 'pitches' available, and each pitch can accommodate a certain number of people. However, you might still allow only one person to book a whole pitch, but if this happens you can choose to set a minimum price for the pitch. 

There are many kinds of booking that this can be used for. Here are some examples:

- Pitches in a camp site
- Tables at an award evening
- Self catering chalets
- Safari tours in vehicles
- Beds in dorms
- Double bedrooms in a hotel
- Rooms in a building
- Office spaces

### What your customers see

Your customers will be able to enter the number of people in their party, and if available, make a booking for one or more days. Like 'Individual' product types, they'll be able to enter quantities based on three types of 'person'. Adults, children or concessions. If their party is larger than the number of spaces per place, they will have to add another item to their basket. One for each 'place'. This ensures they pay the minium price per place, if set, for every place required by the size of their party. 

They'll get an email based on a template you populate as soon as they place their order. They'll optionally get a second email if you trigger it to be sent. This could be used as a reminder of 'what to bring' that you send before the booking or simply once you have confirmed their booking.

### What you'll be able to do

You'll be able to enter the number of places your venue has as well as the number of spaces per place. If you have different size places you can simply add these as sparate products and list on the same page. For example, a large camping pitch could allow for 10 people per pitch, and a small pitch might only allow 5. The pricing and availability can then be set for each accordingly.

Rates and optionally combining with contact forms all works in the same way as with 'Individuals'. 

