@require dev
@@@
# Adding SSL to this website

You can setup your server to serve websites using SSL. This is a two step process:

1. Generate an SSL certificate and configure Apache on your server to use SSL for this website
2. Enable the 'Force SSL' option in the Hub for this website to redirect all traffic to the SSL version of the website

This approach is based on using [Certbot](https://certbot.eff.org) and [Letsencrypt](https://letsencrypt.org) and using our recommended Linode hosting.

## Initial installation of Certbot (This step only needs to be done once on your server)

1. Connect to your server over SSH
2. Enter this command:  `wget https://dl.eff.org/certbot-auto`

3. Then this: `chmod a+x certbot-auto`

Certbot is now installed. 


## Adding SSL (This step needs to be done once per website)

1. Connect to your server over SSH
2. Issue the following (if prompted, issue ‘c’ to bypass the warning about the ssl conf file):  
```
./certbot-auto --apache certonly --email {EMAIL} --agree-tos -d {DOMAIN}
```


3. Issue: `vi /etc/apache2/sites-available/setseed.conf`
	
4. You are now in a text editor. Hit `i` on the keyboard to enter insert mode, you’ll see `insert` show at the bottom left.  Use the down arrow key to move the cursor down to the last line and then paste in the following:  
```
	<VirtualHost *:443>  
		ServerName {DOMAIN}  
		SSLEngine on
		DocumentRoot /var/www/html/
		<Directory /var/www/>
			Options Indexes FollowSymLinks
			AllowOverride All
			Require all granted
		</Directory>
		SSLCertificateFile /etc/letsencrypt/live/{DOMAIN}/cert.pem  
		SSLCertificateKeyFile /etc/letsencrypt/live/{DOMAIN}/privkey.pem  
		SSLCertificateChainFile /etc/letsencrypt/live/{DOMAIN}/chain.pem  
	</VirtualHost>
```
5. Hit `Esc` then type `:wq` then hit `Enter`. This saves and closes the file. 

6. Repeat steps 2-5 for the non-www version of your domain as well.

7. Issue: `systemctl restart apache2`

8. Don’t forget to tick the ‘Force ssl’ option in the Hub for the site you’ve just enabled. 

## Monthly renewal process (certs last 3 months and only renew in their last month so doing it monthly should catch any that need to be renewed). 

1. Connect to your server of SSL as per first step above. 
2. Then enter this command: `./certbot-auto renew`
3. You can setup a cron script to do this manually if you wish.

