@require blog
@@@

# Working with blog comments

Providing you have enabled comments in Website Settings > Template Settings, your customer will be able to add their own public comments to each of your articles. 

## Requiring approval for comments

You can decide if you want to allow all comments to be published immediately on your website or if you'd like to manually approve each one before they become live on your website. You can set this in Website Settings > Blog articles > Comments require approval. 

## Approving comments

If you choose to require approval for comments you'll need to approve them before they're show up on your site. To do this, click Blog Articles from the [Welcome Screen](#/popup/welcome-screen) then find the article that your new comment has been added to. You'll see an icon next to each article indicating how many approved and unapproved comments are associated with each one. The number in green shows approved comments and red shows unapproved comments. 

Click the comment icon to view the comments. Once you're viewing the list of comments you can simply select them and change their status to approved. 

## Replying to comments

You can leave an author reply comment on your article as well. This lets you respond to your visitors comments. You can do this either from the comment area detailed in the 'Approving comments' area above, or directly via the public website. First, set an 'author reply password' in Website Settings > Blog articles > Author reply password. Then, browse your public website and find the article you'd like to add a comment reply to. Then, using the same comment form your customers use, enter your comment. Enter your author reply password in the 'website' field of the comment form. This will trigger the comment to be shown as an author reply.

## Receiving notifications of new comments

If you enter your email address in Website Settings > Blog articles > Comment notification email you will receive an email notification each time a new blog comment is posted. 