@require blog
@require facebook
@@@
# Import Facebook posts to your blog

First make sure you have a [fully working blog setup on your website](#how-to-add-a-blog-to-your-website).

You can choose to connect your website to your Facebook account and then import posts from your personal Facebook account or any Page that you manage. 

1. Click 'Website Settings' from the [Welcome Screen](#/popup/welcome-screen)
2. Click 'Connect to Facebook'
3. Assuming you are logged into Facebook, you will see a popup window asking if you'd like to connect your Facebook account to the CMS.
4. Click 'Next'. If you manage any Facebook Pages, you will be shown them now. Choose the one you want to connect to, or chose your personal account name to import posts from your own Facebook account. If you don't manage any other Pages, you will see your name and 'Connected to Facebook as..' instead of the 'Connect to Facebook' button. 

You can now go ahead and configure the blog importing preferences. 

1. While still in Website Settings, click 'Blog articles' in the left menu.
2. Click 'Import posts from Facebook' to enable the importing

You may need to wait up to 24 hours before your posts become available on your blog page.

## Filter importing based on tags

You can choose to import Facebook posts only if they are tagged with a certain tag or tags. Simply click 'Limit Facebook posts import' and enter the tags you want in the field. Only posts that are tagged with the tags you enter here will be imported. 

## About tags

Tags added to posts in Facebook will be converted to tags in the Blog system to allow browsing by category. 

## About comments

Comments made in Facebook will not be imported to the Blog. Comments made on imported posts on your website will be associated with the post and will show on the website as normal. These comments will not show on Facebook. 