@linebyline
@@@
# Theme updates

products~~## Version 8.2018.2.13

products~~New: Message shows in checkout if stock limits quantity in basket
products~~New: Pay Later checkout option

## Version 8.2018.2.9

New: Circular advanced image style. Use in conjunction with a square size option to display images as circles. 

products~~## Version 8.2018.2.5  
products~~Fixed: Bug when items with and with tax eligibility are added to the basket and sales tax is added at the same time as a discount coupon.  

products~~## Version 8.2018.1.30

products~~New: 5 more coupon 'slots'  
products~~Fixed: When entering an incorrect coupon code, users can click to try another code.  

products~~## Version 8.2018.1.29

products~~New: Added ability to add fixed amount discount for coupons  
products~~New: Added expiration date to coupons


products~~## Version 8.2018.1.10

products~~Improved: Coupon codes can now be restricted to only products in a certain category.

products~~## Version 8.2018.1.8

products~~Fixed: Bug with donation and gallery products. 

products~~## Version 8.2018.1.5

products~~Improved: Sales tax shows in live shopping basket.   
products~~Improved: Products added to pages via Snippets will now show the parent page's default image as the product image and link. 

## Version 8.2018.1.2b

New: Canonical link tags added for all pages except search pages.  
blog~~New: noindex,follow tags added for blog tag/date and search pages.  
dev~~New: 'Poster image' feature. Enable in Design > Advanced > Enable poster image template section. This will enable a 'Poster image' template where an image can be added to override the default auto-generaged Facebook and Twitter sharing images when someone shares the image.  
notsales~~New: Support for a new template section to allow setting of a specific image or images for sharing to social networks.

products~~## Version 8.2017.12.20

products~~Improved: Product prices now indicate if the price is 'plus sales tax'.

products~~## Version 8.2017.12.7

products~~Improved: Allow image to attach to add to basket button when multiple products are on a page and one imagen and one product are added in a single row layout. 

products~~## Version 8.2017.12.5

products~~Improved: Multi-gateway checkout support.  
products~~Fixed: Sales tax line item no longers displays in mini live basket.

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.30.4

products~~Improved: More shipping tiers (5) and options (10 per tier) added. 

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.24

products~~New: Added option to stop the addition of sales tax to orders depending on which shipping rate is selected. 

## Version 8.2017.11.22

Fixed: Issue with dropdown menus being obscured

dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.21b

dev~~Fixed: Issue with alignment of secondary right modules  
dev~~New: Search widget option for all modules


dev~~## Version 8.2017.11.10

dev~~New: Design > Advanced > Match parallax zoom levels across page. Enable this mode to make sure all parallax areas crop by the same factor. This will be based on the parallax background that requires the most cropping.  
dev~~Parallax background cropping improved. Backgrounds only crop as much as they need to. For example if a background is enabled for a bar near the top of the page, that area will never need to reveal part of the background image near the bottom of the user's window. Therefore, the enlarging of that image doesn't need to be as aggressive.  
dev~~New: 'Combined Parallax' mode. All 5 background images are combined to create a 3D layered parallax scrolling effect. Background image 1 will appear further away than background image 5. Images will need to be PNGs of GIFs with transparent areas. 

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.3

products~~Improved: New 'tier' in shipping options.

products~~## Version 8.2017.11.2

products~~New: Choose between PayPal or Authorize.net as payment gateways.

forms~~## Version 8.2017.10.18b  

forms~~Improved: Layout on radio and checkboxes in contact forms.

dev~~## Version 8.2017.10.5

dev~~Fixed: Parallax performance  

dev~~## 8.2017.9.8

dev~~New: Centered header module has new ‘menu with middle logo’ option. Add a logo asset in the center module area as well and it will show as the middle item of a centered menu (works best with even number of pages).

dev~~## 8.2017.8.29:

dev~~Fixed issue with ‘require’ settings in design mode.

## 8.2017.8.25:

Fixed: various display bugs  
dev~~Improved: theme_vars_choices.json-userlogo version (swap this for theme_vars_choices.json when using the theme in a self-signup environment to let customers add their own branding elements)  

dev~~## 8.2017.8.7b:

dev~~New: Support for new inlining of css/js for initial pageviews.  
dev~~New: Option to disable Google Fonts if required for further page speed improvement.

dev~~## 8.2017.8.3c:

dev~~New: Background video now supported on iOS

dev~~## 8.2017.8.1:

dev~~Fixed: Issue with justify menus.  

dev~~## 8.2017.7.26:

dev~~Added Google Translate module.

dev~~## 8.2017.7.4b:

dev~~Improved: WCAG 2.0 improved compliance.

products~~## 8.2017.6.27:

products~~Added: Shipping discount code.

forms~~## 8.2017.6.13:

forms~~[Design mode theme] New: Support for ‘width’ for form fields. 25/50/75/100 in addition to ‘new row’ and ‘horizontal rule’ field types. (Automatically enabled when used with themes that support it)
