# Advanced text and image styles

When you select [text](##working-with-text) or an [image](##working-with-images-and-galleries) on your page, you'll see the toolbar shows 'Advanced text styles' and 'Advanced image styles' respectively. 

## Advanced Text Styles

**Lead Paragraph**  
This style will add emphasis to a normal paragraph and is ideal for highlighting the first paragraph on a page. 

**Button Small**  
This style is used when you have added a link to some text. Instead of the link simply appearing as an underlined link, it will show is a larger graphical button. This is the smallest of the button styles. It works best when the only text in your paragraph is the link and the text should usually be a maximum of a 2 or 3 words. 

**Button Medium**  
As above but medium in size.

**Button Large**  
As above but large in size.

**Smaller**  
This style will reduce the size of whatever text element it is applied to. For example, you could apply to some text with a Sub Heading format and it would appear in the normal Sub Heading style, but it would be slightly smaller overall. 

**Popup Link**  
This is a very powerful tool for creating rich media popup links. It support linking to videos, YouTube pages or images. Simply add a link as normal then add this style to the containing paragraph. When linking to YouTube videos, simply link to the normal page address. 

**Icon Tick**  
This is one of a group of styles that add an icon at the start of the text. This one shows a 'tick'. The following all behave in the same way but with a different icon. 

**Icon Blocked**  
**Icon Info**  
**Icon Question**  
**Icon Alert** 
**Icon Phone**  
**Icon Email**  
**Icon Home**  

## Advanced Image Styles

**Caption**  
This will make the image's [ALT Text](#working-with-images-and-galleries) visible along the bottom edge of the image. 

**Light Border** 
Enabling this will add a light border to your image. 

**Light Border Caption**  
Enabling this will add a light border to your image as well as showing the visible caption.

**Heavy Border**  
As above but with a heavier border. 

**Heavy Border Caption**  
As above but with a heavier border. 

**Popup Link**  
This is a very powerful tool for creating rich media popup links. It support linking to videos, YouTube pages or images. Simply add a link as normal then add this style to the containing paragraph. When linking to YouTube videos, simply link to the normal page address. This works in exactly the same way as the version in Advanced Text Styles, you just add the link to the image instead of some text. 