@require products
@linkfrom Using the Invoice feature
@@@
# Configure shop and product settings

When you first setup your website to sell products online, you need to setup your initial settings and connect to a payment gateway. 

Go to Website Settings > Checkout orders to see all your ecommerce settings. 

Most of these settings are self-explanatory or explained in more detail when you click on them.

For a functioning ecommerce site though you'll need to have at least one one of the payment gateways enabled, your current set correctly, order success and fail pages selected, the Order Received email template populated and the 'From' settings entered. These values are all explained in more detail when you click on them in the settings view. 

## Editing email templates

When editing the 'Order received' email template and 'Order dispatched' email templates, you can use shortcodes in your text that will be replaced by values specific to your customer's data. These are as follows (when you add them to your templates be sure to include the curly brackets as well as the shortcode): 

{CUSTOMER_NAME}
{ORDER_LIST}
{CUSTOMER_ADDRESS} 
{ORDER_ID}
{REORDER} 
{INVOICE_LINK}
{FORM_RESPONSE} 

Please note that only {ORDER_ID} and {CUSTOMER_NAME} can be used in the email Subject.

These are explained below:

### CUSTOMER_NAME

This is replaced with the customer's name. 

### ORDER_LIST

This is the list of items the customer has ordered. 

### CUSTOMER_ADDRESS

The address supplied by the payment gateway for the customer. 

### ORDER_ID

An ID associated with the order. 

### REORDER

This will be replaced by a link that lets the customer re-add the same items to their shopping basket again in the future. 

### INVOICE_LINK

Allows the customer to view a printable invoice for their order. [Learn more.](#using-the-invoice-feature)

### FORM_RESPONSE

When you combine a contact form with the checkout system, you can let the customer see the data they entered in the email they receive back by adding this shortcode to the template. 