@require products
@linkfrom Products overview
@@@

# Working with Digital delivery products

You can set up products to sell digital products like ebooks, software or other downloads. 

- First, create your product by clicking Products from the Welcome Screen then clicking 'Add product'. 
- Next, type a name for product and hit enter to add it. 
- Then click the menu under Type and choose 'Digital delivery'. 

Now you'll need to set up the product for the right kind of distribution method. You can either send the customer a link to the file, a unique or common serial number or both.

## Send the customer a link to a file

After completing the steps above, click the 'upload file' button and choose a file from your computer to upload. When your customers receive a link to the file, the link will be unique to them and expire after 3 download attempts or 24 hours, whichever comes first. 

## Send the customer a serial number

If you offer a demo version of your product for free you can send your customers a serial number to 'unlock' your product. You could also use this approach to send a password to a password protected area of your site or a password protected file. 

After completing the steps above, click the 'Activation codes' button. Then paste in a list of serial numbers, one per line. One code will be sent per customer. No one will receive the same code. However, if you do want to share a single code with all your customers, you can simply enter a single code in this field and system will send this code to all customers. 

If your list of codes is exhausted your customers will see an error message in their order confirmation email so please ensure you added enough codes to keep up with your demand. 

If you re-enter a new batch of codes, it will override the whole set of previous codes.

## Send the customer a file as well as a serial number

You can perform both the 'Upload file' and 'Activation codes' steps above if you wish. This will result in the customer receiving an email to the file as well as an activation code. 
