@require products
@@@
# Setting additional properties for products

When you work with your Products ([Storage](#/popup/Storage) > Products) you can set the following options, depending on the type of product you select.

### Type

The type of product. These are detailed separately in the menu to the left. 

### Categories

Apply categories to your product for you own organisation. [Learn more.](#working-with-the-categories-system)

### Price

Set the price for your product. 

### Add volume discount

Use the volume discount system to allow the unit price to change according to quantity added to the customer's basket. [Learn more.](#adding-volume-based-discounts)

### Weight

Set a weight value for your product. This is set to the some payment gateways and can be used by some shipping calculators. 

### Number in stock

The number of the product that you have in stock. This number will decrease automatically as they are purchased. 

### SKU

You can associate an SKU number with each of your products. When you add a product with multiple choices, each choice can have its own SKU number. You can use this field for any kind of internal tracking number associated with your products. It is not normally shown to the customer but it will be included in the (customer 'order received' emails)[#configure-shop-and-product-settings]. 


### Separate stock for choices

If you enable multiple choices for your product, you can optionally set stock levels for each option separately. Tick this option first, then edit the options and and set stock using the properties for the options. [Learn more.](#allowing-multiple-choices-with-products)

### Limit to one in basket

If you enable this option, your customers will only be able to buy one quantity of the item per order. 

### Only sell if in stock

If ticked, customers will only be able to complete a purchase when the current stock value is greater than the number they are trying to order. If you keep this unticked, customers will still be able to buy products even if they are out of stock. 

### Low stock alert and Low stock threshold

Tick this box to enable low stock alerts to be sent to admin staff when this product reaches a certain threshold. Once ticked, you'll be able to enter a threshold value into the 'Low stock threshold' field. For an admin user to receive the low stock alert emails, they need to enable the 'Receive low stock alert emails' option after clicking 'Your account' from the Welcome Screen

### Tax exempt

Tick this to prevent tax calculations being added to this product. Users won't pay tax on this product even if you have sales tax enabled in Website Settings.